Are you serious?
Of course I've said it many times
I like you.
But you don't mind my past
I have no right to overdo your past
But I want to be involved with your new representative
You so
I talk about this project
Jiu Ye Jiu Ye
Seeing that we are old classmates
Just let me go back to the night market
I'm sorry I can't have kids anymore
Qu Yuan, you don't ask for your forgiveness
But in terms of our previous relationship
Give me 50 million
Otherwise the company will go out of business
What about Chu Yan?
That $50 million means nothing to you
I beg you to help
I beg you, okay?
Do you count Qiuyuan as Buddhist clothing?
Have a problem to solve
Don't mess around here
Before the police arrive
I advise you to leave
rescue
Rescue rescue
I kowtow to you
I beg you, just help Mo
Rescue you love to knock
What you did to me
I can afford it, too.
Qiu Ye
Master Qiu, your breakup with your daughter has nothing to do with me
Want a big dog with me online
You don't have to help him.
But you have to help me.
Are you allowed to blame the child in my belly for dying?
Bitch, it's you who's to blame
I told you not to ask you to accompany you to the funeral
You just don't give me face.
Ah!
Son
Night dream to this point today
It's all your fault
Even if I don't forgive you
The law will not forgive you
You have such high authority
I could have lived this life happily
It's You
But because of your love and vanity, you let you go the wrong way
And then...
I hope you can do a good job in prison
Make a contribution to society
People who contribute